---
layout: page
title: Privacy Policy
include_in_header: false
---

**Last updated**  
Effective date: 01/20/2020

# Privacy Policy
PRIVACY POLICY

Introduction

Welcome to flopsell.com

flopsell.com (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates floppsell mobile application (hereinafter referred to as “Service”).

Our Privacy Policy governs your visit to floppsell mobile application, and explains how we collect, safeguard and disclose information that results from your use of our Service.

We use your data to provide and improve Service. By using Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, the terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.

Our Terms and Conditions (“Terms”) govern all use of our Service and together with the Privacy Policy constitutes your agreement with us (“Agreement”).

Definitions

SERVICE means the floppsell mobile application operated by flopsell.com

PERSONAL DATA means data about a living individual who can be identified from those data (or from those and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).

USAGE DATA is data collected automatically either generated by the use of Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).

COOKIES are small files stored on your device (computer or mobile device).

DATA CONTROLLER means a natural or legal person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and how any personal data are or are to be, processed. For this Privacy Policy, we are a Data Controller of your data.

DATA PROCESSORS (OR SERVICE PROVIDERS) means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Data Controller. We may use the services of various Service Providers to process your data more effectively.

DATA SUBJECT is any living individual who is the subject of Personal Data.

THE USER is the individual using our Service. The User corresponds to the Data Subject, who is the subject of Personal Data.

Information Collection and Use

We collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Service to you.

Types of Data Collected

Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you (“Personal Data”). Personally, identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

Email address

First name and last name

Phone number

Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City

We may use your Data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. You may opt-out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or by emailing at customers@flopsell.com.

Usage Data
We may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service or when you access Service by or through a mobile device (“Usage Data”).

This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

When you access Service with a mobile device, this Usage Data may include information such as the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

Location Data
We may use and store information about your location if you permit us to do so (“Location Data”). We use this data to provide features of our Service, to improve and customize our Service.

You can enable or disable location services when you use our Service at any time by way of your device settings.

Tracking Cookies Data
We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Service and we hold certain information.

Cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Other tracking technologies are also used such as beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Service.

You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.

Examples of Cookies we use:

Session Cookies: We use Session Cookies to operate our Service.

Preference Cookies: We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.

Security Cookies: We use Security Cookies for security purposes.

Advertising Cookies: Advertising Cookies are used to serve you with advertisements that may be relevant to you and your interests.

Use of Data

flopsell.com uses the collected data for various purposes:

to provide and maintain our Service;

to notify you about changes to our Service;

to allow you to participate in interactive features of our Service when you choose to do so;

to provide customer support;

to gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our Service;

to monitor the usage of our Service;

to detect, prevent and address technical issues;

to fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it;

to carry out our obligations and enforce our rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, including for billing and collection;

to provide you with notices about your account and/or subscription, including expiration and renewal notices, email-instructions, etc.;

to provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information;

in any other way we may describe when you provide the information;

for any other purpose with your consent.

Retention of Data

We will retain your Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use your Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.

We will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our Service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer periods.

Transfer of Data

Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to – and maintained on – computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those of your jurisdiction.

If you are located outside the United States and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to the United States and process it there.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.

flopsell.com will take all the steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and by this Privacy Policy and no transfer of your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.

Disclosure of Data

We may disclose personal information that we collect, or you provide:

Disclosure for Law Enforcement.
Under certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose your Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities.

Other cases. We may disclose your information also:

to our subsidiaries and affiliates;

Security of Data

The security of your data is important to us but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Service Providers

We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service (“Service Providers”), provide Service on our behalf, perform Service-related services or assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.

These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.

Analytics

We may use third-party Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service.

Google Analytics
Google Analytics is a web analytics service offered by Google that tracks and reports website traffic. Google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our Service. This data is shared with other Google services. Google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its advertising network.

For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en

We also encourage you to review Google's policy for safeguarding your data: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245.

Firebase
Firebase is an analytics service provided by Google Inc.

You may opt-out of certain Firebase features through your mobile device settings, such as your device advertising settings or by following the instructions provided by Google in their Privacy Policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en

For more information on what type of information Firebase collects, please visit the Google Privacy Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en

CI/CD tools

We may use third-party Service Providers to automate the development process of our Service.

GitHub

GitHub is provided by GitHub, Inc.

GitHub is a development platform to host and review code, manage projects, and build software.

For more information on what data GitHub collects for what purpose and how the protection of the data is ensured, please visit the GitHub Privacy Policy page: https://help.github.com/en/articles/github-privacy-statement.

GitLab CI/CD

GitLab CI/CD is provided by GitLab, Inc.

GitLab CI (Continuous Integration) service is a part of GitLab that builds and tests the software whenever the developer pushes code to the application.

GitLab CD (Continuous Deployment) is a software service that places the changes of every code in the production which results in everyday deployment of production.

For more information on what data GitLab CI/CD collects for what purpose and how the protection of the data is ensured, please visit GitLab CI/CD Privacy Policy page: https://about.gitlab.com/privacy/.

Behavioral Remarketing

flopsell.com uses remarketing services to advertise on third party websites to you after you visited our Service. We and our third-party vendors use cookies to inform, optimize and serve ads based on your past visits to our Service.

Google Ads (AdWords)
Google Ads (AdWords) remarketing service is provided by Google Inc.

You can opt-out of Google Analytics for Display Advertising and customize the Google Display Network ads by visiting the Google Ads Settings page: http://www.google.com/settings/ads

Google also recommends installing the Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on – https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout – for your web browser. Google Analytics Opt-out Browser Add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by Google Analytics.

For more information on the privacy practices of Google, please visit the Google Privacy Terms web page: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en

Facebook
Facebook remarketing service is provided by Facebook Inc.

You can learn more about interest-based advertising from Facebook by visiting this page: https://www.facebook.com/help/164968693837950

To opt-out from Facebook's interest-based ads, follow these instructions from Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217

Facebook adheres to the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioural Advertising established by the Digital Advertising Alliance. You can also opt-out from Facebook and other participating companies through the Digital Advertising Alliance in the USA http://www.aboutads.info/choices/, the Digital Advertising Alliance of Canada in Canada http://youradchoices.ca/ or the European Interactive Digital Advertising Alliance in Europe http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/, or opt-out using your mobile device settings.

For more information on the privacy practices of Facebook, please visit Facebook's Data Policy: https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation

Pinterest
Pinterest remarketing service is provided by Pinterest Inc.

You can opt-out from Pinterest's interest-based ads by enabling the “Do Not Track” functionality of your web browser or by following Pinterest instructions: http://help.pinterest.com/en/articles/personalization-and-data

You can learn more about the privacy practices and policies of Pinterest by visiting their Privacy Policy page: https://about.pinterest.com/en/privacy-policy


Links to Other Sites

Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

Children's Privacy

Our Services are not intended for use by children under the age of 18 (“Child” or “Children”).

We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 18. If you become aware that a child has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.

Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our Service, before the change becoming effective and update “effective date” at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:

By email: customers@flopsell.com.

By visiting this page on our website: https://flopsell.com/privacypolicy.

By phone number: [●].

By mail: [●].


**Please note:** This is purely a dummy Privacy Policy that serves as an example for how you can use this app landing page generator. Please replace the contents with your own privacy policy.

<br>

## 1.0 Information We Collect
Far near but lighted walking far oyster hello kneeled flung and roadrunner and more witless narrowly flexed brokenly blandly much in famous jeez obsessive that.

### 1.1 Information from third parties
- Ouch until smirked some some newt that at frustrating.
- Nimbly handsomely fabulously python.
- Alas informally taped when a dear some.

### 1.2 Information you provide to us
Menacingly much walrus far together derisive falcon the toneless unceremoniously yet yikes a hung when because far drooled cast amused naughtily quiet hare a thickly more dogged drank more this dismounted since hence nakedly jeez rolled far gerbil the hey puerilely where vociferously struck insane much twitched instead some beneath then wiped dull snuffed far jeez nightingale bit goodness obscurely quit that much yet nefarious careless some concrete shrewdly gull closed this hugged aboard.

<br>

## 2.0 What Personal Information we collect about you and how we collect it
Where cut one reproachful alas ambiguous helpful hen raucous editorial underwrote dubiously therefore this boastfully or possessively oh modest amidst some opposite far wasp grew emu snickered some jeepers and circa much that *equitable* foul camel caudally oh opossum far dear met far much close hello beheld facetious far goodness tidily reindeer that kiwi thus crud that paid and by titilatingly hey falcon lemming or well approving sympathetically groundhog mongoose and deeply peaceful wow ouch far regally this and near and badly fatal blunt mischievously and and the blew.

### 2.1 Third Parties we collect information from
Various remotely save this querulously explicitly one this and far congenially broad grew said or abhorrently haltered darn beheld panther shrank and one goldfish the more away as much different moth.

| Third Party | What is it used for? |
| :--- | :--- |
| Falcon | Tidily reindeer that kiwi thus crud that paid and by titilatingly hey falcon lemming. |
| Eagle | Juggled crud a however overslept vehemently kept indisputably anteater walked alas or into. |

<br>

## 3.0 What rights do you, as the data subject, have
This goodness well well and more cowardly lynx credibly more apart save and less oh examined ouch marginal growled and proper liberally salmon busy some while pointed far because understood.

1. Boastfully or possessively oh modest amidst.
2. Far far the much purposeful that wildebeest dalmatian.
3. Adamant or pushed less far overthrew.

All the Lorem Ipsum generators on the Internet tend to repeat predefined chunks as necessary, making this the first true generator on the Internet. It uses a dictionary of over 200 Latin words, combined with a handful of model sentence structures, to generate Lorem Ipsum which looks reasonable. The generated Lorem Ipsum is therefore always free from repetition, injected humour, or non-characteristic words etc.

<br>

## 4.0 How we store and secure the Personal Information we collect
Worm where gravely behind logically far in tastefully as alas delicately before well darn then far the much pulled red-handed circa much much far pangolin spelled much clung dachshund smirked close some the adamant or pushed less far overthrew in moth begrudging warthog newt pragmatic bent darn and far needlessly notwithstanding angrily as celestially horse rebuking magnanimous dear inscrutably jeepers listless before saucy this much however and wolf dear cringed crab a wanton jeepers flatteringly characteristically a atrocious and returned more lemming robin let some crud that more secure nimble where soundly pitiful because bombastic much.

<br>

## 5.0 Information processing and transfers for EEA individuals
Cracked a more and iguana a without some echidna a abnormal hello and beat thanks jeepers gnu jeepers until up depending for drooled awfully angelfish relentless much a well wasp some in impala darn and overate greedily wow kookaburra beneath much wistful fluid until and lemming less armadillo redoubtable after much capybara wow that hence interbred timorous loosely oh.
